currently this happens unlikely
funny hype on facebook that one
just so off her in the camera ext and
it is my contribution to it
the ibu modern on the channel doxil
Erich Hoffmann but the times easier
I'm sorry about my video again
I agree I have a hard weekend
behind me but I hope that does it
nothing because I really have nothing
else than for you now to
next
I know one thing , why it with you
but I have also been nominated
in youtube but says you have and
something new
lea led interests as well as to do so
I was not a youtuber if you send
few words to say that and indeed
First of all, you are on youtube
actually not enough when you are
alcohol or somehow like that
These glorify the actor
somehow practiced on youtube and there
then videos too fast but I am
That's why it will be me
So find facebook actually quite funny
finally something on facebook again
a skilful change to the whole
I spend so bad and got myself
love thy neighbor as thyself
and I do not know I'll do it with you
I was with my bike
So I like doing with three times
been nominated and not free because of that
have my comments on them
facebook hype wood or even from
By the way, internet hypes does not mean that
nominate but whoever that is
has certainly not invented
youtuber had been interesting too
know who abgefand has so far
I get that now tracked geographically
It's somewhere from Lower Bavaria to the dollar
must be in the canton and has one
very good idea had only to youtube
get in business
I thank you for your attention
I am looking forward to freedom then we are happy
us together and in this sense
Soviet 40